## Standards of Conduct (Code of Conduct)
This is the normal out-of-character version. The in-character ("IC") version can be found inside of various training documentation and in other locations. This version is considered to be the ultimate authority guiding community conduct.

1. BendroCorp members are expected to be personable, professional and courteous at all times in their interactions with all members of the BendroCorp community and members of external gaming communities. 
2. Obscene language will not be tolerated when dealing with other members or those external to the organization in the context of organization or during its activities.
3. BendroCorp members will refrain from posting content in organization communication spaces which is a.) factually inaccurate or misleading (unless it is satire), b.) might knowingly or unknowingly encourage self-harm, tangible injury or disability, c.) is intentionally bullying or harassing in nature to a specific societal group or individual person, d.) contains content which is or may be deemed “adult” content containing depictions of nudity, sexual acts or sexual content, e.) divisive political speech or rhetoric, f.) social or political activism or associated rhetoric, g.) continual non-constructive negative criticism of Star Citizen and Cloud Imperium Games, h.) any content which promotes or encourages illegal and/or unlawful activity within a given legal municipality, and any and all other behavior deemed overly negative, divisive and/or "toxic" by BendroCorp’s executive leadership and ultimately by the CEO of BendroCorp. This includes text, pictures, video and any other forms of content and verbal communication within official text and voice communication channels. Our goal is to keep our organization and community friendly both to new and old members who come from a variety of different backgrounds and worldviews.
4. BendroCorp members are expected to be courteous and helpful to other employees regardless of their position within the company.
5. BendroCorp members are expected to be respectful of all supervisors and staff placed over them. Members are expected to follow all reasonable instructions given to them by a supervisor within the organization as long as those instructions pertain to activity within organizational resources or activites. 
6. Any attempt by an member to sow seeds of discord between other BendroCorp members and the officers or managers of BendroCorp will result in an immediate discharge. Any employee trying to create a “coup-d'etat” against organization leadership will be subject to immediate permanent discharge.
7. BendroCorp will not at any time tolerate of any of its membership participating in activities which are detrimental to the gameplay of others.
8. BendroCorp expects that when a member chooses to opt-in to participate in BendroCorp activities that they are present and available for those activities.
9. BendroCorp will immediately discharge any members who become members of BendroCorp for the purpose of espionage (ie "meta-gaming").
10. BendroCorp members agree to follow and abide by all BendroCorp policies current and future. Non-agreement to the totality of all BendroCorp policies at any point during a person's membership is grounds for the termination of said membership.
